BIO:-

Hi, I'm Jerome Rawlings.

I shoot, edit and create all the content myself using my [Camera Model here].

I started out with a love of Photography all the while becoming more and more time invested and passionate. I now focus on Videography more due to the greater feel of accomplishment after creating a fantastic video.

Check out some of my sample work below to see some of the projects I have completed to fuel my hobby as well as some projects completed on behalf of customers. 
View my instagram feed to see some of the larger projects. 

If you have an idea or need some work completing you can fill out the enquiries form located at the bottom of the page.


PORTFOLIO:- 
Pic1 - 
Title: Peak District
Label: Being from Derby I'm lucky to have the Peak District within hours which can really allow me to go out and see some glorious colours whether it's morning, noon or night.

Pic2 -
Title: Mustangs!
Label: I was lucky enough to get the chance to go on a drive in a convoy of 5 Mustang owners to get some awesome shots of the even better cars they were driving! This was my favourite photo from the shoot but there's plenty more on my instagram!

Pic3 - 
Title: Mossy
Label: A friend of mine needed a few Promo shots doing for the DJ work he does. This gave me a good chance to test out my newly purchased lens at the time and try my hand at some portrait shots!

Vid1 - 
Title: Sin Barbers
Label: This was my first time completing film work and it truly got the ball rolling and peaked my interest enough to want to put my focus towards the creation of films. The client was happy with the way it turned out and was the perfect opening for his new barbershop.

Vid2 - 
Title: Unofficial StockX Advert
Label: Being unable to go out and shoot anything due to the Coronavirus lockdown I decided to try my hand at some technical work and although only a few seconds long the individual masking of all the different parts of the trainers worked out really well!

Vid3 - 
Title: #JMSpinshotChallenge
Label: Another Lockdown style project! I managed to get ahold of some new lighting equipment so tried my hand at using contrasting colours to create this. After seeing the challenge on Instagram I thought it would be rude not to try my hand at making the plain old calculator look cool!



SOCIALS:-
Check out my Instagram feed below for more example work! If you're feeling generous, give me a follow, I always appreciate feedback and interractions on anything I post!


ENQUIRIES:-
If you feel like I can complete the work needed for you then fill out the form below starting with your name and location. You can then select what type of work you need and also a brief description of the idea of your work that needs completing as well as some contact information would be much appreciated.


